Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What are you doing
out of bed?
5x16  - Mr. Monk Goes to the Hospital
Capture:FRM@FadeOut - Sync:FRM@ะกL
Resynchro: Sixe for swsub.com
Another step.
We're almost there.
One step at a time.
You're being so brave.
Tell them
I'm a former police officer.
You tell 'em yourself.
Okay, here we go.
No, you can't bring them here.
We're out of beds.
Where I'm gonna
put them, on the roof?
Well, try St. Barnabus.
They might have room.
- What's she doing?
- She's holding up a finger.
The bad finger?
No, Mr. Monk,
the pointy finger.
Good luck.
Can I help you?
Yes, this is Adrian Monk.
M- o-n...
M- o-n-k.
He has a bloody nose.
It's been bleeding all morning.
Yeah, all morning.
- It won't stop.
Cause of injury?
I was putting away
my ironing board,
which is normally
a two-person job--
Mr. Monk, it's my day off.
It still is.
An ironing board.
I need your insurance card.
Yes. Fill this out, both sides.
Former police officer.
He's a former
police officer.
I appreciate that, but he has to wait,
just like everybody else.
You and your husband can
have a seat over there.
We're not married.
Congratulations.
Have a seat.
Wait a second.
Hey, wait, wait.
Excuse me.
I-- I was here
before him.
That man has a head wound.
This is a head wound.
That is not a head wound.
Actually, it is,
technically.
You have a bloody nose.
It's a wound,
and it's on my head.
Do you have a dictionary
back there?
What is she doing?
Now it's the bad finger.
Let's sit down.
Yes, I promise,
I will definitely be there.
Okay, let's synchronize
our watches.
I'm allergic
to tetracycline.
Yeah, I know, Mr. Monk.
One dose of tetracycline
will kill me.
Yeah, look, I have it right here.
Allergies: tetracycline.
I will probably beat you there.
I'm right around the corner.
I'm at St. Mark's Hospital.
Emergency room.
Oh, it's not me,
it's my boss.
It's a bloody nose.
I know.
Okay.
Me too.
All right, bye.
Mr. Monk, I need--
There's a light bulb out.
- Yeah--
- Two, actually.
I need to tell you something.
Don't freak out,
but I've made some plans,
and I'm just gonna go
for a couple of hours.
No, you can't leave.
You can't leave me here.
You're in really good hands.
It's a really great hospital.
And I mean, come on,
it's not like it's life or death.
It's a nosebleed.
How can you say that?
I've lost a gallon of blood.
I'm hemorrhaging.
You are not hemorrhaging.
Look, I've already cancelled on this guy
three times because of--
well, because of you.
- You're leaving me?
- Don't say that.
Please don't make me cancel again.
I really, really like this guy.
- You're leaving me.
- I'll be back by 2:30.
- I'm really scared.
- You're always scared.
Yes, but now I'm scared
and hemorrhaging.
Okay, Mr. Monk, come on, please.
I have been on call for 24 hours a day,
seven days a week,
and I'm exhausted.
I mean, it's my first day off
in what, two months?
And this date, this guy--
it's important to me.
Oh, God.
God--
All right, but I mean,
if you really,
really want me to stay,
I'll stay.
I want you to stay.
I can't stay.
Okay, I'll leave
my phone on, all right?
I will be back in just a couple hours.
Okay, bye.
Is it seeping
or oozing?
Okay, Mr. Lam,
you have to sign
right here.
We're sending Mr. Lam right in.
Hello, excuse me.
I have been sitting there
for an hour and a half.
I know, we're booked up,
as you can see.
If I may?
I speak a little Vietnamese.
Yeah, he's saying
that he's feeling much better.
He's feeling fine,
and he would like to go home.
On a city bus.
Right.
Yeah, yeah.
He thinks, uh--
he thinks this man--
oh, yeah,
I guess he means me--
should go ahead of him.
I speak Vietnamese.
- I'll be sitting right over here.
- Yeah, you do that.
A nosebleed, huh?
My stepbrother had the same thing.
It turned out to be
a cerebral hemorrhage.
He was dead in a week.
A cerebral hemorrhage?
Who told you that?
A very prominent patient.
I didn't get her name.
Well, I have
to respectfully disagree.
What you have is a simple rupture
of the olfactory membrane.
Your basic nosebleed.
I think I should be admitted,
just for a few days,
so you can be sure.
I'm gonna cauterize it.
Tilt your head back.
Here's the thing.
She said that her stepbrother
had the exact same symptoms.
And here's the thing--
it feels like
a cerebral hemorrhage.
Mr. Monk, I've seen
I interned with Graydon Whitcomb
for two years.
Who's that?
- He's the head of neurotrauma.
- Let's call him.
I'll tell you what,
if this doesn't work,
I will take you upstairs
to see Dr. Whitcomb.
Now sit back.
Okay, this might sting
a little bit.
Wait, wait,
All right.
- Okay, wait, wait--
- Mr. Monk, I have other patients.
Can't we just wait
till Natalie comes back?
- Who's Natalie?
- She's my assistant. She's on a date.
Sure.
What time do you think
Natalie will be back?
Uh, probably, like--
There, that's it.
- You're done.
- That's it?
It stopped.
Unless--
Unless I'm out of blood.
That wasn't so terrible
was it?
- No.
I have to take this.
Can you find your way out?
- Yes, thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Thank you.
Thank--
Thank you.
You're welcome.
"Whitcomb, 504."
Excuse me,
Dr. Whitcomb,
I know you're busy.
My name is Adrian Monk.
I saw a doctor downstairs,
but I would like
a second opinion.
I thought maybe if I could check in
for two or three days,
you know, maybe you could run
some tests.
Ow, God!
Okay, I'm okay.
Captain.
What do you got?
There may have been
somebody else here.
Look at that blood spatter.
Uh, no, no,
that was me.
Sorry.
- You still bleeding?
- Yeah.
What'd the doctor say?
She cauterized it,
but I don't think--
Sometimes you gotta
cauterize 'em again, Monk.
I used to get nosebleeds
all the time.
I'm not sure
it is a nosebleed.
Well, what else could it be?
That's what I was
gonna ask him.
Captain, I talked to the secretary.
What happened to your nose?
It's okay.
It's all cool.
Yeah, it's all cool.
Monk, as long
as you're here--
Yeah, yeah, sure.
Okay, no problem.
Empty bottles.
He took the pills,
but not the bottles?
There's a drug rehab center downstairs.
We get addicts and junkies
in here all the time.
Security's a nightmare,
but we're a hospital.
We have to keep the doors open.
Why didn't he just
take the bottles?
He wanted us to find these.
He wanted us to think junkie.
Oh, yeah, see there?
He was wearing slippers,
rounded and smooth.
A patient.
Not a junkie,
a patient.
What do you got?
There's powder.
Smells like talcum powder.
Captain, look at this.
What is that?
That looks like a seal.
That could be from
one of our oxygen tanks.
"Room 623."
623.
All right, let's go!
Uh, Lieutenant,
that's the geriatric ward.
If he's a patient up there,
he's at least 80 years old.
Well, then,
we better move fast.
All right, boys, 623.
Let's go.
623.
There's a stain.
Must be a leak
from upstairs.
Would you stand up straight?
It's just a nosebleed,
for God's sake.
I hate hospitals.
Well, let's meet
our suspect.
"Hank Johansen.
82 years old."
He's getting a colectomy
on Wednesday morning.
I think you can secure
your weapon, Lieutenant.
That's a perfect match.
Get the tech guys down here.
We've found our murder weapon.
Yes, sir.
What do you think?
Is he the guy?
Sranger things have happened.
Although, I can't think
of one offhand.
Yes, they have.
- Look at this.
- What?
Looks like it might have
been readjusted.
Seems like it'd be too small
for this guy.
What the hell are you doing?!
Are you trying to kiss me?
No, sir.
Mr. Johansen, hi.
I'm Captain Leland Stottlemeyer.
I'm a homicide detective.
This is Lieutenant Disher.
Who's your lady friend?
This is Adrian Monk.
He's a special consultant.
What happened to your nose?
- You get shot?
- Shot? No, no.
But it is bleeding pretty badly.
I caught a bullet in my nose
in Korea.
It still hurts like a son of a bitch,
but you don't hear me crying about it.
I'm not crying.
But you want to, don't you?
Yeah, he wants to cry.
Yeah.
I'm gonna call you
Soft Serve.
Like the ice cream--
soft and squishy.
Thank you.
Mr. Johansen,
there was a homicide
last night on the fifth floor.
- We're investigating it.
- Good for you.
Sir, a man was beaten
to death with that oxygen tank.
Your oxygen tank.
What the hell
are you talking about?!
Where were you last night
between the hours
of 1:00 and 3:00 a. m.?
Where do you think I was?!
What is this,
your first day with a new brain?
No.
I was here!
Hooked up
to this damn machine.
You see Dr. Scott,
you tell him
I want this thing unhooked.
It's driving me mental.
Who--
Who's Dr. Scott?
Dr. Davis Scott is taking out
half my colon on Wednesday.
And he's the second-best surgeon
in California.
And that's not my opinion.
That's a fact.
Soft Serve,
I know my rights.
And you people can't
just waltz in here and--
Hey, Soft Serve,
come here.
Crime Scene's on their way,
and the floor is secure.
So what do you think?
Do you think somebody came in here,
stole this guy's oxygen tank,
and took it downstairs?
Why would they bring it back?
It's not possible.
Mr. Johansen never left his room.
He's been on the heart monitor
all night. Here's a cardiogram.
1:00 a. m. to 3:30.
No gaps, no interruptions.
Actually, all we know for sure
is that he never took the monitor off.
What if he took it with him?
- Randy, please.
- No, it's possible.
I mean, all he had to do was
strap the monitor to his back.
And then climb
out the window,
shimmy down one story,
unspooling 600 feet
of wire along the way.
He's 82 years old.
He's a veteran.
They were the Greatest Generation.
You through?
Do you think Mr. Johansen
could lift an oxygen tank?
It must weigh
about 40 pounds.
You might want to ask his
primary physician, Dr. Scott.
- And where is he?
- I know exactly where Dr. Scott is.
Room 694.
Down the hall, to the right.
Follow the signs.
He's been there all day.
All day?
He's a patient in the cardio ward.
He admitted himself last night.
- Thank you.
- It's possible, though.
Well, sounds good, Davis.
You know, Dr. Scott,
we could come back later,
- when you're feeling better.
- No, I feel great.
This is just a precaution.
Last night I had a slight
substernal chest pain.
I checked myself in,
had them run a couple of tests.
- Is everything okay?
- Never felt better.
First good night's sleep
I've had since med school.
You got lucky, Davis.
You gotta tap the brakes.
Thank you, Mother.
Do you seriously think
Hank Johansen was involved
with what happened
last night?
Well, we're not sure.
I can't imagine how.
He has progressive
rheumatoid arthritis in both legs.
So you don't think
he could lift a 40-pound oxygen tank?
Hank Johansen?
He can't even put his own pants on.
And besides, isn't he hooked up
to one of these?
I mean, you'd know
if he left the room.
I heard it was somebody from the clinic.
A junkie.
Excuse me.
Excuse me, Doctor.
Would you mind
taking a look at this?
- Have we met?
- I'm sorry, this is Adrian Monk.
- He's unofficially with us.
- I see.
Well, it's not my specialty,
but as long as I'm here.
You're a lucky man.
Most people have to wait
three months for this consultation.
- Thank you.
- Bleeding on and off?
On and on.
- Does this hurt?
- Yes!
I haven't done anything yet.
It was going to hurt.
I can tell.
Okay, I'm not going
to touch you.
Relax.
Here's the thing.
I went to the emergency room--
Let me guess, they tried
to cauterize it,
- and it didn't take.
- Exactly.
And there was this woman
in the waiting room.
She said that her stepbrother--
- Had the exact same symptom.
- Yes.
And now you've convinced yourself
there's some kind of tumor.
You think it's a tumor?
He said tumor.
He said the word "tumor."
You heard him, and I knew it.
I knew it. I can feel it.
It's right back here.
It's like the size of a basketball.
For the love of God, can I get a room?
- Monk, that's not  what he meant.
- Mr. Monk, you don't have a tumor.
Relax.
Take a breath.
Now, these conditions often have
psychological components.
- Are you under a lot of stress?
- I wouldn't say that.
I would.
Mr. Monk,
I have good news.
You're not sick.
Really?
You don't belong in a hospital.
You belong on a beach,
with your feet up.
- That's a lot of sand.
- Get out of town tonight,
lower the heart rate.
Doctor's orders.
Book two seats.
And, please, take him with you.
Okay, no signs of arrhythmia,
so I'm kicking you out of here.
This bed is for sick people.
Thank you, Bradley.
See you at 2:00.
Well, you're not still
doing your rounds?
I have 18 patients in this joint
a lot sicker than me.
Somebody's gotta be responsible.
Well, it's true what they say.
Doctors make the worst patients.
Good luck, gentlemen.
Thank you.
Did you hurt yourself?
Oh, racquetball.
I missed the shot too.
That's what really hurt.
Is that talcum powder?
Yes.
And if you keep over-focusing,
that nose is never gonna
shut itself off.
I have powder on my hands
all the time.
All doctors do.
It's in the latex gloves.
Now, if you'll excuse me, gentlemen.
If you need me, give me a call.
Thank you.
I think he's right.
It's all in your head.
Not all in my head anymore.
See?
Where's Natalie?
I gave her the day off.
That was nice of you.
Yeah, it was.
You were right.
There's a motive.
Dr. Scott's being sued for malpractice.
The late Dr. Whitcomb
was scheduled to testify against him.
- Malpractice?
- Yeah, a year ago.
Scott lost a patient
on the operating table.
Dr. Whitcomb claims--
or was about to claim--
that he saw Scott
popping pills before the operation.
Amphetamines.
He would have lost his license.
He did it.
Dr. Scott,
he's the guy.
Was it the talcum powder?
The powder,
plus the bruise on his leg.
It was still swollen.
Had to be less than a day old.
Well, that could have been
from racquetball.
No, I don't think so.
I think he hit his leg
on the coffee table
in Dr. Whitcomb's office.
I hit it too.
Look.
See?
It's in the exact
same spot.
And, Randy, you hit it.
Remember?
Well, let's see it.
What are you doing?
- Showing you the bruise.
- What's he doing?
It's near your ankle.
Just pull up your pant leg.
Well, six of one, right?
It's not six of one.
Roll up your pant leg.
I'm already unbuckled.
Okay, fine.
See, Dr. Scott was in
that office last night.
He was killing Dr. Whitcomb.
How?
I mean, I talked
to the security guard
who was sitting in front
of Dr. Scott's room.
He said no one went in
or went out all night.
- He did it.
- Plus, he was hooked up
- to that heart monitor.
- I don't know how he did it,
but he did it.
He's the guy.
Nice and steady heartbeat
all night long.
He never left his room.
First Mr. Johansen, now Dr. Scott.
Are you gonna want EKGs
on all our patients?
No, ma'am,
that will not be necessary.
Okay, all right, look.
Okay, all right, Captain.
Captain, listen.
I have an idea.
Okay, Dr. Scott was hooked up
to the heart monitor, right?
Yeah, that's right.
What if he took the monitor with him?
What if he hooked it up to a battery
pack, and he just carried it with him?
The security guard said
he never left the room.
Out the window.
It's only one floor.
- Interesting.
- Interesting?
It's worth considering.
I said the exact same thing
a half an hour ago about the old guy,
- and you shot me down.
- You didn't say the same thing.
You said something
about a spool of cable.
800 feet of cable--
It was the same basic idea,
except for the battery.
The battery is a big part
of what Monk is saying.
No, it's the same thing.
What, if I say something,
it's a punch line,
if he says it,
he's a genius?
Would you explain to him
what you mean about the battery?
All right, listen.
Okay, he's a doctor, right?
So, okay,
the monitor--
Okay, I got nothin',
all right?
Okay?
We're both wrong.
All right, he couldn't have
taken it with him.
But there's gotta be
something else.
I'm sorry, Captain.
It's this damn tumor.
I'm losing a lot of blood here.
Okay, let's move on.
Randy and I are gonna
go down to security again,
and review surveillance tapes.
- What about me?
- You're going home.
- What?!
- Monk, maybe you're right.
Maybe the guy is the guy.
But he's also a doctor,
and he gave you
some very good advice.
You need to go home,
you need to relax.
You need to turn your brain off.
I can't. I can't.
Go home.
Come on.
Something from the bar?
Oh, no, thanks.
What happened to your--
I slipped in the shower
and sprained my wrist. No big deal.
- Oh, and they're making you work?
- What was I gonna do?
They didn't have anybody
to cover for me.
The boss is a pretty decent guy.
I didn't just want to leave him hanging.
I'll be back to check on you
in a minute.
Hello, Shelly.
- Dr. Scott.
- Did you miss me?
They told me you were sick.
Don't worry about me, darling.
I am the Rock of Gibraltar.
So are you.
I brought some friends with me.
The best and the brightest.
Or so I'm told.
Mr. Collins, you're up.
She's your patient.
What do you see?
Okay,
rebound tenderness,
- lukocytosis--
- Your diagnosis, Doctor.
A cute diverticulitis.
Congratulations, Mr. Collins,
you just killed my favorite patient.
Mr. Collins,
has conveniently overlooked
her persistent fever,
and right lower-quadrant pain,
indicating what?
- Indicating what?!
- Appendicitis.
We may have a doctor
in the house after all.
Any questions?
Yes, I have a question.
I thought I sent you home.
I had some unfinished business.
This is Mr. Adrian Monk.
He's with the police department.
I'm sure you all heard about
what happened to Graydon Whitcomb?
Could you take a look at this, Doctor?
This is from an EKG.
Yes, I think I've seen
one or two of these.
Well, this was from last night.
Midnight to 3:00 a. m.
There are some gaps
here and here.
It looks like it was disconnected.
Eva, explain these gaps to Mr. Monk.
There are gaps like these in any EKG.
Anytime a patient
rolls over or changes position.
Well, what about this one?
How long is this gap right here?
8 seconds, maybe ten.
10 seconds.
Not much help, is it?
What's going on?
It's almost too absurd.
You remember my patient
Hank Johansen?
82 years old,
osteoarthritis, kidney failure.
He is Detective Monk's
number one suspect.
I think that may not
be blood, Mr. Monk.
I think you may be losing
cranial fluid.
Yeah, actually,
I have a different suspect.
Well, that's a relief.
This one had a motive.
The victim was about to testify
against him in a malpractice suit.
I hope your new suspect wasn't hooked up
to a heart monitor too.
Because that would mean
he couldn't possibly have done it.
Am I right?
It would also mean
you're wasting my time.
Your time may not
mean much, Mr. Monk,
but my time in this hospital
is a precious commodity.
Go bleed somewhere else.
Excuse me.
I'm out.
Oh, sorry.
Don't mind me.
There's a stain.
Yeah, there's a leak upstairs.
I saw the same stain
in another room.
They're probably connected,
or used to be.
A lot of these rooms
were divided up a few years back.
Not my problem,
that's all I know.
Soft Serve!
What the hell are you doing
in my closet?!
How long you been in there?!
That's it.
After my operation, it's go time.
In the parking lot,
you and me.
Mr. Johansen,
who assigned you to this room?
None of your damn business, you moron.
Now, where's my wallet?
What did you do
with my wallet?
Sir, please!
This is very important.
I am investigating
a homicide here.
If you touched my wallet,
so help me, God,
you're gonna be bleeding
from more than your nose.
It was Dr. Scott, wasn't it?
As a matter of fact it was.
There was a waiting list,
and he had to pull
a lot of strings to get me in here.
Oh, there it is.
12, 13, 14.
Okay.
You're a lucky son of a bitch.
Mr. Johansen,
listen to me!
Dr. Scott killed Dr. Whitcomb.
And I know how he did it.
He checked himself in
as a patient.
He knew this hospital.
He knew there had been
a renovation.
So he made sure
that at one time,
his room was connected
to your room.
At about 2:00,
he made his move.
He came in here
through the supply closet.
He knew you'd be sleeping.
He probably prescribed your sedatives.
As a matter of fact, he did.
Then he put his monitor
on your chest.
He took the oxygen tank,
and then he went
downstairs.
After the murder,
he came back here,
put his monitor back on,
and snuck back
into his room.
It was perfect.
Your heartbeat
was his alibi.
So, what do you think?
I'll tell you what I think.
I owe you an apology.
- Really?
- Yeah, that would explain everything.
- Yes.
- You really are a great detective.
But I need proof.
Yeah, that's the thing.
You need proof.
Yeah.
I've got it.
Okay, if I'm right,
which, you know, I am,
for about ten minutes,
during the murder,
your heartbeat,
and Dr. Scott's heartbeat,
are the exact same heartbeat.
All I have to do
is find those cardiograms.
Yeah.
Good thinking.
You better go.
It's very exciting.
Yeah.
I better use the door.
Dr. Scott, please.
Yes, it's very important.
Dr. Scott,
this is Hank Johansen.
You know that
wack-job detective
Adrian Monk?
He just jumped out of my closet,
screaming that you had
killed some guy with my oxygen tank.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know.
You better do something
before he hurts somebody.
Yeah, yeah, I know
exactly where he is.
So the judge is laughing,
half the jury's laughing,
and I look down--
I'm still wearing my slippers.
Oh.
Did you win the case?
Yeah.
And now they're my lucky slippers.
I keep 'em in my briefcase.
Clara?
Don't worry, I got you.
I didn't know where you were.
It's okay.
I'm right here.
I wouldn't just walk away.
You know me better
than that.
Alex,
I'm so sorry.
You are so great,
but I have to go.
- You're leaving?
- My boss needs me.
Uh, how do you know.?
He always needs me.
I'm sorry.
You said you wanted
to be admitted.
Your prayers have
been answered, Mr. Monk.
No, you can't speak or move.
Don't even try.
You're literally
wasting your breath.
I've injected 3ccs
of tribusonol into your larynx.
Do you have any idea
what I do here every day?
How many lives
these hands have saved?
How many lives they will save?
Hundreds, thousands.
That's my mission.
It's why I'm here.
I am the miracle man.
Do you think
I would let you,
former-Detective Monk,
or Dr. Graydon Whitcomb--
or anyone--
stop me?
Oh, by the way,
I have some good news for you.
I stopped that pesky nosebleed.
You're welcome.
I have some other news,
not quite so good.
You had an accident.
At least, that's what your chart says.
You were in a stairwell, you tripped.
You suffered a concussion.
Possible nerve damage,
multiple fractures.
Ah, it gets worse.
I don't know how this happened.
The name on this chart
is Dale Butterworth.
In four minutes,
the day nurse--
who is new to this floor--
is going to walk in,
read this chart,
and administer a massive dose
if intravenous tetracycline.
Yes, I know about your allergy.
Unfortunately,
mistakes like this...
happen all the time.
Excuse me, I was looking
for Adrian Monk.
He was sitting right over there.
He's been admitted.
He's been admitted?
He's in Intensive Care.
For a nosebleed?
My God.
Oh, my God, Mr. Monk, I'm so sorry.
I can't believe this.
What happened?
They said you fell down the stairs?
Oh, it's all right. I'm here.
I'll take good care of you, okay?
Hi.
How's he doing today?
I don't know.
I just got here.
- Are you his wife?
- No, I'm his assistant.
And his friend.
I think he's in a lot of pain.
He's not very good with pain.
Okay, well, this should help.
What?
Dr. Scott?
That's his primary.
You're very lucky.
Dr. Scott's the greatest.
Did you hear that?
You have a great doctor.
It's okay, it's okay.
Just relax, I've got you.
Give me your hand.
There you go, just relax.
- He should have some ice chips.
- Okay, I'll get them.
It's okay.
Mr. Monk, I just want to tell you
that I'm so sorry for
leaving you here this morning.
It will never happen again.
If you are ever in trouble,
I will be there for you, I promise.
Okay, let go.
Let go.
I'll be right back.
Nurse, excuse me. I just want
to thank you for being so sweet to him.
But I wanted to ask you,
do you have the kind of ice maker
that makes round ice cubes?
- Because he'd prefer that.
- We might.
So how long have you worked
for Mr. Butterworth?
Who's Mr. Butterworth?
Oh, God.
It's okay.
Take it easy.
One step at a time.
There you go.
You're-- you're scraping the bag now.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
It's a perfect match.
I'd like to see him try
to explain this to a jury.
It was my idea.
No, it's not, Randy.
It's completely different.
No, it was the same basic idea.
Our next crime scene,
I'm not gonna say anything.
I'm just gonna write everything down
and copyright it.
Yeah, you copyright
everything in your notebook.
Maybe I will.
Son of a preacher man!
- Oh, God, you okay?
- That's bleeding.
- You want to go back inside?
- No, I'm fine. Let's just go.
Mr. Monk, it could get infected.
Maybe we should just go back in there.
Natalie, no.
Can't do running into the E. R.
abut every little thing. Let's just go.
Come on,
let's go home.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org